Vignan is the trust of 1 lakh student many will think in such way.Chairperson name
is Lavu Rathaiah and many are working under vignan college
many faculties including hod's work under vignan college.many students study in vignan for
good education and good future goals many parents believe vignan institute of
technology and science as one of the best college in telangana state vignan intitute
of technology and sciece collge also performs very well in study to get good
It will satisfy all students in terms of academics and studies

VGNT is an exemplary institution of higher learning with a mission of pursuing excellence in education and research. The institution, with its diverse and dynamic community of about 2500 students offers a distinctive combination of some of the finest facilities for MCA, MBA and M.Tech. with 5 different graduate and undergraduate programs CIVIL, MECH, EEE, ECE, CSE, CSE(AI & ML, CSE(Data Science), IT, EIE accomplished faculty, world-class facilities with hostel set on a sprawling 350 acres of sylvan surroundings of valleys and watersheds, mango groves and greenery.

While students at VGNT immerse themselves in academics, the college has a lot in store for them outside the classroom. Student life includes participation in sports, recreational & co-curricular and cultural activities. In short, at VGNT, students will find an academic and social environment where everyone from faculty members to peers helps them shape their future.

VGNT is home to aesthetically designed buildings with its state-of-the-art computer and internet facilities, modern laboratories, workshops, seminar halls, auditoriums and well-stocked libraries, sports and games fields.
The Institution boasts of a strong alumni network with alumni events held every year serving as a platform for past students to give back to VGNT and share their experiences with its present fellow students.

With so much to offer, it is only natural that students of VGNT get a unique opportunity to carve a niche for themselves in their chosen field of study that enables them to become well-rounded and discerning citizens, fully qualified for their chosen professions in the workplace.
To evolve into a center of excellence in Science & Technology through creative and innovative practices in teaching-learning, promoting academic achievement & research excellence to produce internationally accepted competitive and world class professionals who are psychologically strong and emotionally balanced imbued with social consciousness and ethical values.
To provide high quality academic programmes, training activities, research facilities and opportunities supported by continuous industry – institute interaction aimed at employability, entrepreneurship, leadership and research aptitude among students and contribute to the economic and technological development of the region, state and nation.
Well Thought-out Reforms In Technical Education Is The Need Of The Hour We, in India today, are living in a transitional era. On one hand, we are swamped by the global financial meltdown while on the other; we are witnessing a slow but sure revival of the manufacturing and agricultural sectors.
Vignan, a trusted name for quality education in Andhra Pradesh, has always been figuring among the top due to its commitment to student centric initiatives through out its existence of more than three decades even in the unprecedented proliferation of professional institutions in AP during the last decade.

Vignan with its inherent capability to capture the pulse of youth has grasped their aspirations, speed and intellectual capabilities and tuned its curriculum to fulfill their needs.

Vignan provides world class training in transferring subject knowledge, communication and team working skills in learning centered fashion and enables its students to face the global arena with confidence.

With its excellent infrastructure, committed and qualified faculty, strong teaching-learning processes and more importantly a meticulously designed student counseling system, Vignan is indeed the right choice to pursue engineering education and secure placements in top notch companies or admissions in reputed international universities for higher studies..Besides academics, at Vignan, we strive for the integrated development of the students through several internal student professional bodies designed to bring out the best from them.
